[PR] Add step to install parent project locally (#1) (#106)
quarkiverse/quarkus-operator-sdk: samples/README.md

- Connect to your cluster of choice using `kubectl/oc`, select the appropriate namespace/project.
  The operator will automatically connect to that cluster/namespace combination when started.

> - Run `mvn install` on the parent directory `quarkus-operator-sdk` to build and install the `quarkus-operator-sdk-samples-2.0.0.Beta5-SNAPSHOT` artifact locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run `mvn install` on the parent directory to build the project locally.
```
